hello everyone at the multis microphone with you
as always reviews of mobile games from spear
and go
300 besides rhymes about oral pleasures with
the tractor driver is also called
and the film 300 Spartans
it was a beautiful bloody month about
which was nice to look at
the big screen should be out soon
the continuation of 300 Spartans flourishing
empire and just this film and
Our today's game advertised on
genre this game slasher if anyone knows
this is something like the famous devil may
edge
in principle, there are bad hear and
are often bad heard on mobile
devices but to our credit
today's patient is doing well here
dynamics observed management
relatively smooth
management is pretty enough
standard intuitive for
such a game in the lower left corner we have
joystick and action buttons are located in
bottom right
there are no combos as such however there are special
attacks when you attack enemies
a scale is filled above the bar
life and when it becomes full
possible to carry out special attacks
holding the strike button then occurs
beautiful and cinematic nishtyaki in
slow mo
by the way there is even the famous kick ola
here from the park, in principle, looks
very cool and even a pity
wait filling this damn scale
the graphics as you can see on the level
for playing mobile want more
it would be in my arrogance
drawing backdrops drawing a background even
model interaction animations all this
done in principle conscientiously besides
there is some variety in
the passage is not what she was
too strong well but there is for example
there is a mission where you need to shoot a bow
Komi Kats who swim to yours
ship
I don't know who else but I always thought that
variety and change of styles
the game is good but since we
We are talking about say and it's time levels
the only real disadvantage of this game
she damn short she is very very damn
short as soon as you get used to
control you start to really make
all that moves and get high from the whole
steepness
the game ends and it's pretty
sad but I hope there will be all sorts of addons
and additional levels would be nice
if they were
and so is not bad, even good game
who just do not have time to enjoy
for today it's all evaluate subscribe
and nikolai were with you to comment
Podgursky Fedor shock and reviews from the mob
yue
gaspars